CUMULUS-2810 remove dynamo logic from provider POST (#2875)
nasa/cumulus: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

- **CUMULUS-2312** - RDS Migration Epic Phase 3

>   - **CUMULUS-2810**

Reviewer: Consider noting the translation bugfix as well?

Author: Yes.  Added to merge feature-rds3 into this branch a359e536d7

    - Remove DynamoDB logic from rules `DELETE` endpoint
    - Move event resources deletion logic from `rulesModel` to `rulesHelper`

### Fixed
- **CUMULUS-2810**

>   - fixed bug in translatePostgresProviderToApiProvider and updated tests to prevent reintroduction.

Reviewer: Nit:  this should probably be more specific than 'fixed bug' 
```suggestion
  - Updated @cumulus/db/translate/translatePostgresProviderToApiProvider to correctly return provider password and updated tests to prevent reintroduction.
```
